README.md, before:

# Threads Demo
Small demo of a command line interface controlling threads.

## Instalation
The easiest way to run this application is to build and run it portably from its
docker container. Once you have docker installed and the docker daemon running,
just run `./build.sh` to build the container.

Once built, you run the container with `./run.sh`


## Usage
Once you spin up a container you will be sitting in the build directory, with the code already compiled
(in the state it was when you called `./build.sh`). You need only call the executable.

`./demo --threads <nb-threads>` will run nb-threads, and start parsing commands from stdin.

Commands:
* `status`       - prints status and other information about each thread.
* `pause <nb>`   - pause thread number `<nb>`.
* `restart <nb>` - restart execution for thread number `<nb>`.
* `stop <nb>`    - permanently stop execution for thread number `<nb>` (cannot be undone).
* `exit`         - stop parsing command and exit once all threads have finished executing.

## Thread Types
Currently there are three thread types:
* Cout      - provided by the threads submodule for debug purposes, can print messages to cout.
* Warp      - applies affine warping to random point clouds.
* Integrate - integrates e^x^2 numerically on random intervals.

Currently the program starts the first `<nb-threads>/2` as Warp threads and the rest as Integrate threads.

## Developing / Inspecting the Code
This project uses CMake to generate project files.

The recommended work flow is that you generate your
project files for your own IDE using CMake (you can find the top level CMakeLists.txt in the `./src`)
and then start the docker image with `./run.sh`. The whole repository
will be mapped inside the container, where you can build them with the `make` command. 
Changes you make to the source from your Host OS are visible inside the container, so you can edit
the files in your Host and compile them in the container immediately. This workflow has been tested on Linux and Mac OS.

If you are viewing the code on a Windows host you probaly want to keep the file line endings in the UNIX
instead of Windows style, seeing as you will be compiling on a Linux container. You can see you to do
that for Visual Studio [here](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/3802406/configure-visual-studio-with-unix-end-of-lines)
and for Eclipse C++ [here](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/1886185/eclipse-and-windows-newlines).
Alternatively, you can use the *experimental* `./win-compile.sh` from within the container
which copies the repo directory to a new location inside the container, changes the line endings and
then compiles from there. This last solution only looks at files known by git, so you should add any new
files.

You could also try to build the application natively, though this has not been tested and is
probably much more of a hassle than using docker. To do so you need the following dependencies:
   * Boost 1.66.0
   * Eigen 3.3.4
   * C++14-compliant compiler (currently we build with gcc 8.1.0)

Commit message:

update README with Windows information

README.md, after:

# Threads Demo
Small demo of a command line interface controlling threads.

## Instalation
The easiest way to run this application is to build and run it portably from its
docker container. Once you have docker installed and the docker daemon running,
just run `./build.sh` (`build.bat` on Windows) to build the container.

Once built, you run the container with `./run.sh` (`run.bat` on Windows).


## Usage
Once you spin up a container you will be sitting in the build directory, with the code already compiled
(in the state it was when you called `./build.sh`). You need only call the executable.

`./demo --threads <nb-threads>` will run nb-threads, and start parsing commands from stdin.

Commands:
* `status`       - prints status and other information about each thread.
* `pause <nb>`   - pause thread number `<nb>`.
* `restart <nb>` - restart execution for thread number `<nb>`.
* `stop <nb>`    - permanently stop execution for thread number `<nb>` (cannot be undone).
* `exit`         - stop parsing command and exit once all threads have finished executing.

## Thread Types
Currently there are three thread types:
* Cout      - provided by the threads submodule for debug purposes, can print messages to cout.
* Warp      - applies affine warping to random point clouds.
* Integrate - integrates e^x^2 numerically on random intervals.

Currently the program starts the first `<nb-threads>/2` as Warp threads and the rest as Integrate threads.

## Developing / Inspecting the Code
This project uses CMake to generate project files.

The recommended work flow is that you generate your
project files for your own IDE using CMake (you can find the top level CMakeLists.txt in the `./src`)
and then start the docker image with `./run.sh`. The whole repository
will be mapped inside the container, where you can build them with the `make` command. 
Changes you make to the source from your Host OS are visible inside the container, so you can edit
the files in your Host and compile them in the container immediately. This workflow has been tested 
on Linux, Windows 10 and Mac OS.

If you are viewing the code on a Windows host you probaly want to keep the file line endings in the UNIX
instead of Windows style, seeing as you will be compiling on a Linux container. You can see you to do
that for Visual Studio [here](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/3802406/configure-visual-studio-with-unix-end-of-lines)
and for Eclipse C++ [here](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/1886185/eclipse-and-windows-newlines).
Alternatively, you can use the *experimental* `./win-compile.sh` from within the container
which copies the repo directory to a new location inside the container, changes the line endings and
then compiles from there. This last solution only looks at files known by git, so you should add any new
files.

You could also try to build the application natively, though this has not been tested and is
probably much more of a hassle than using docker. To do so you need the following dependencies:
   * Boost 1.66.0
   * Eigen 3.3.4
   * C++14-compliant compiler (currently we build with gcc 8.1.0)
